Add `SchreierSims` for v1 (#200)
libsemigroups/libsemigroups_pybind11: docs/source/main-algorithms/schreier-sims/index.rst

.. Copyright (c) 2024 Joseph Edwards

   Distributed under the terms of the GPL license version 3.

   The full license is in the file LICENSE, distributed with this software.

Schreier-Sims
=============

This page describes the functionality related to the Schreier-Sims algorithm for

> computing a base and strong generating set of a permutation group in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
computing a stabilizer chain of a permutation group in
```
